refresh the ML documentation and consolidate the two docs (#17543)
netdata/netdata: docs/cloud/insights/metric-correlations.md

# Metric Correlations

The Metric Correlations feature lets you quickly find metrics and charts related to a particular window of interest that you want to explore further.

By displaying the standard Netdata dashboard, filtered to show only charts that are relevant to the window of interest, you can get to the root cause sooner.

Because Metric Correlations uses every available metric from your infrastructure, with as high as 1-second granularity, you get the most accurate insights using every possible metric.

## Using Metric Correlations

When viewing the [Metrics tab or a single-node dashboard](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/blob/master/docs/dashboard/metrics-tab-and-single-node-tabs.md), the **Metric Correlations** button appears in the top right corner of the page.

> To start correlating metrics, click the **Metric Correlations** button, then hold the `Alt` key (or `⌘` on macOS) and click-and-drag a selection of metrics on a single chart. The selected timeframe needs to be at least 15 seconds for Metric Correlation to work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To start correlating metrics, click the **Metric Correlations** button, hold the `Alt` key (or `⌘` on macOS), and drag a selection of metrics on a single chart. The selected timeframe needs at least 15 seconds for Metric Correlation to work.
```

### Data

> Netdata is different from typical observability agents since, in addition to just collecting raw metric values, it will by default also assign an [Anomaly Bit](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/tree/master/src/ml#anomaly-bit) related to each collected metric each second. This bit will be 0 for "normal" and 1 for "anomalous". This means that each metric also natively has an anomaly rate associated with it and, as such, MC can be run against the raw metric values or their corresponding anomaly rates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike other observability agents that only collect raw metrics, Netdata also assigns an [Anomaly Bit](https://github.com/netdata/netdata/tree/master/src/ml#anomaly-bit) in real-time. This bit flags whether a metric is within normal ranges (0) or deviates significantly (1). This built-in anomaly detection allows for the analysis of both the raw data and the anomaly rates.
```
